# sprng

As a football fan I see a ton of teams making transfers and ending up with transferring players with lack of quality or mentality for that particular team. By the way many American friends may think that I mean American football when I say football. I would not like to break their hearts, however I mean the real football when I say football. I support Fenerbahce (FB) in my home country, Turkey. Fenerbahce made crazy transfers during the last decade. Robin Van Persie, Nani, Diego Ribas, Skertel, Slimani to name a few. They lost so much money investing in past stars. They were almost going bankrupt. At that point FIFA took action and brought limitation to FB’s transfers along with many other teams around Europa in similar situations. FIFA required these teams to spend money for transfers as much as they make money from transfers. Then during the last couple years FB started to change their transfer policy. They tried to bring in young prospects. Some ended up with some success like Eljif Elmas, but most was again disaster. Elmas was transferred to FB for $200k in 2018 and from FB to Napoli in 2019 for $17.60 million. FB made more than $17 million from that transfer. So right now, with many other teams FB is in need of more Elmas’s to survive this crisis. In this project I am aiming to create an algorithm based on the best soccer players’ stats while they were 20-22 years old and match those criteria with todays’ young players to find future Ronaldo, Messi, Van Persie, and Nani’s.